Okay, so I think so the first thing first, right? So when we start this interaction, right?
I think Ming was very good friends and that's why I didn't ask for any documentation. I just
started working on it without this stuff, right? So let's do the documentation stuff right now,
right now. So I have created a small slide for this whole interaction. So it becomes easier for
everybody what exactly is going on, right? So wherever you feel like I need to stop,
you can let me tell me, I can stop there, okay? So you can see my screen.
Yes, yes, perfect. So today I'm going to do a demo on what we have done. So what I have done,
I have divided the whole thing into three gates, or you can say face, okay? So this is the new
thing which I use called as gates, okay? So gate 1, gate 2, gate 3, gate 4, okay? So today
I'm going to do a demo on gate 1, okay? What we have developed, okay? So the links what you see here
are all repo link which you have access to now, okay? You can actually go to the documentations,
right? So there's a proper implementation plan. There's a whole idea about what kind of user
story I'm going to work on, okay? This all thing is there. The third link is the source, the source
code, what I'm going to show you, the source code behind that, how is it being done, okay?
So Ming, if you have time, what I will do, I will give you the access, I will make you as a collaborator too, okay?
Okay, thanks. Wait, one thing just to clarify, it's step go, step refers to the wide open planes
of Central Asia, that's a typo, no R, step go, S-T-E-P-P-E, it's pronounced as S-T-E-P-E.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, guys, Ming, sorry, I'm really sorry.
So I saw that there is already company registered step here. So I think they show that means we cannot
use step here, the name, but I think if you just add R, step here goes, maybe, which is
makes difference to another company that we can use this name, is there's a new company registered
step here. Okay, step is already existing, someone's already took the name.
Somebody already took that name, okay. I see somebody already took that name, okay. Okay,
so we can call it step-go, or we can call it step-goer. That is not the daily breaker,
yeah, you can actually decide about it, right? So I think so, I just use the group name,
the group name is step-go, that's why. Okay, so what I have understood, okay, till now,
it is a ride sharing platform, connecting the driver and the passenger, making it cost effective,
right? So I used a concept called, I don't know, Ming would know, there's something called blah, blah
car, okay, where it is kind of a hitching in this part of the world, and at the same time,
ooh by certain combination of both, that's what I've understood when I was reading through the
whole thing, right? The target market is Kyrgyzstan, Kyrgyzstan and other stuff, you can always let me
know what is the actual target market, but that is not, that is something for my understanding,
okay. If you want to make it much more clearer, much more better, you can always help me to
define the thing properly, because what happens, right, when we are creating some stuff, right,
I don't like to assume stuff, because once we start assuming the stuff, right, we go in
arena, which we don't know, right? So the more it's, so more you can clear what exactly it is,
it's better for us to make it better, okay. So that's why I've just put three,
the two, three lines, but I think so this is very important that you can just
put some ideas, what exactly we are doing, okay. So yes, so as I was sharing the gate one,
so basically, if you go through that report, right, we have put for the implementation plan,
I have divided the whole thing into three, four gates, gate one, gate two, gate three, gate four,
right. Today, I'm going to do a implementation or a demo of gate one right now. Remember,
this is something which is running in my local host, in my system right now, but it is very easy
to deploy it into production, that's not a problem, okay. So let me click on it. So it is going to
take me to the website. Remember, again, it is running on my own system, the local host 3000.
So if I, if you click on browse details, browse the trips, it is going to show me all the trips,
which I have put forward in a database, okay. Again, the numbers, the figures are something
random, right. We can be much more clearer, but the idea was to have a placeholder and just to
showcase how it looks like, okay. So let's for example, I take the first, first let's take the
fourth one. Sorry, Mahesh, one question. Are you recording this? I cannot record it because I don't
have the, because I'm not using the, what do you say, the paid version of teams, you know.
Okay, no worries, no worries, no worries, no worries. Okay, then I was trying to find the recording
option. Share the slides, people, so something that's great. Yeah, I'm going to share the slides,
don't worry. Yeah. And don't worry, I can actually record this and I can share it with you also.
Yeah. So Asana Business Express, I'm going, what I'm going to do, I'm going to click on you,
the itinerary, this is the itinerary of it, where there are three seats available. One is,
one is already taken. This is the price, what is being asked. If you click on book this trip,
then it goes to the payment, payment site. Right now, if you click book now, technically,
what is going, what should happen is it should ask for the customer details and it should take
you to the payment site. But that is something which I have put forward in the gate to, not right
now. Okay, so this is, this is, this is the, this is the view of it. The test driver is again,
the driver information, it is test driver right now, because I don't have the information of the
drivers. If I go back, go back again, I can actually create a trip to, let's for example,
a driver wants to create a trip. So he can come forward, they can say that say, for example,
Alma D2, some other place like Shem and Kand. Next, it can define when he wants to do it.
Let's for example, tomorrow 5th of November, it can be at 9am. The available seats are four,
I can put 10,000 as the price, my car is sit down. I can go next. If I want to add some more
description of what exactly is going to happen in that itinerary, I can add more details. But
right now I'm just going to go ahead and we're going to create the trip.
I'm really sorry. Is your slide is swapping? Because the first slide I saw is still existing.
So I'm a little bit confused. Ah, wait, wait, wait. You're still on the gate one slide.
Correct. I'm still page one. Yeah, I'm really sorry. Okay. Now you can see. So sorry. Yeah,
okay. Let's go. Yeah, now I can. I think now I can go. Yeah, sorry. So, so once I click on
browse, so this is this is the front end. Again, the front end can be always modified. Okay,
but this is just just entry point to exactly what we are thinking about. So it is the browse,
the trip. So what I'm doing is let's for example, I go and click on the Alma D2,
some shaman can't express. I see the itinerary. This is the itinerary from
Alma D airport. So the available seats are three seats available. This is the price for per person.
If I go and click on book that book this trip, so it is going to give me a bit more information
about it, which car and all at what time it is going to start, right? And who is the driver for
it? Once once it is done, right? So basically, let's for example, if I want to go ahead and
book this, then technically the users should click on book now. And we should take the information
of the customer. Let's for example, their name, their phone number, what's the details and all,
and then he would be able to go and go to payment details right now, because I don't have these
trips, the stripe account details. So I won't be able to create this link. So I just put it in the
gate to implementation. Right? I'm going to back to my trip. And I'm going back to the main site.
If I let's for example, if a driver wants to create a trip, click on the strip,
you can put forward Almaty. Let's say same tool, some icon next, I can put forward day after
tomorrow dates. Then I can say 9am. The force is available, three seats available. Okay, 10,000
per seat. It's a sedan car. Go next. If I want to add a bit more identity, like add more details
on understanding, I can do that. I'm going to click on create the trip. So this is the trip
it's been created now. Right? Of course, so basically, before this trip is being published,
there has to be one level of approval needs to be done. Like for example, the driver has been in
the list of the confirmed people or some other confirmation or other validation which is required
can be done at the same time and then can be recorded. Okay, open for the people to book these
trips. Okay, so this is the implementation what I have done till now at the same time. So all this
information is being stored in a database. So I can show you the database details also.
So these are the tables what we have created, analytical event. Technically, once all those
action what are happening around it, it's going to be tracked here. So right now we have, I have
something in booking. So what I have done, the driver information is a test one. The trips,
I have created 10 trips. Right? The one more trip what I have created right now is tracked here
right now. The users, there are three users, passenger driver and admin right now. So these
are all the tables what I have created. So this is the thing what is being done in the gate one
of implementation. Coming back to my slides. Okay, so this is the demo what I have done. So
basically, so if you see the demo is in the localhost 3000 localhost 55555 database stuff.
The technical stack which is being used to create the whole thing is can divide it into two parts,
front end and the back end. The front end is majorly on the on on type script, I would say.
Right? The back end is no JS kind of back end. There are there are some level of
database usage using the super base for selective deployment and all. The quality is nothing but
I have put forward multiple validation script, which makes sure that before we even showcase
you think these things right, it passes those validation skip. Again, these validation scripts
are available in the repo. Okay. What is the next phase? So in the gate two, what what I have planned
to have the all the authentication and the user stuff. So basically, creating the OTP based
phone registration, the email option, profile management, all those stuff, the administrative
stuff, having those booking system. So basically, if you saw the demo where I it was showing me
it is going to be a gate two information. So creating the booking system for people to book
the payment integration. Once the bookings once the once the information is being tracked, then
taking the people from from from that to the payment system. The best is the stripe right now
because stripes available globally. So we can do that. And the I would say all the analytical features
to track all the events what is happening, which user has came forward, which user has clicked,
all those events can be tried in the post hoc and other other stuff of services, which I would like
to have in the gate two. Okay. So this is something I have put forward eight weeks, but can be done
faster than that for sure. Okay. So this is this is a very, very important part, I would say the cost
structure. So basically, all the things which I've started talking about the stripe, the post hoc,
the recent, the two low, the abstract, right? It is, it is, it has their own free version,
but it is not going to be free for everyone. Right. There is a limitation to that. For example,
stripe is never free. Okay. Stripe is going to charge you from the day one for every payment,
your every payment is being done. So if you want to know about the, about the charges, you can,
you can actually, I can share you the details for it. It is 2.5% plus 30 cent for every transaction
is being done. Okay. Post hoc is nothing but a logging feature. So anything which is happening
around the website, user is coming, user is booking. So all those are being logged. So one
minute events are going to be free. And then after that is going to be charged. I can,
I can create the whole thing for you, like how much would be the charges for that. Okay.
For right now, the stripe and Tulo is going to be charged from the day one. Okay. Something which
you have to manage the estimate basically for the demo and all right, I have put forward,
it is going to be somewhere 50, $50 monthly because you have to understand even I have to do
multiple demos from my side. Okay. So it would need some, some level of what we say
buffer amount needs to be there. Okay. After the production is done, I would say that you would
need to spend somewhere $100 to $500 for this. Okay. This is an estimation from your side for you.
Now, something which I was just asking you right, understanding the domain,
the business restrictions of Kazakhstan, the account details which for the stripe,
the post hoc and the Tulo account. So all this setup needs to be done because I don't want to
create an account in my name and then do a transfer because transfer is going to take a lot of
manual effort then creating fresh. Creating fresh is going to take some time, but it is going to
be one time activity, not multiple activity. Right. So that's why I was, I was asking, do you
have a domain? If you don't have a domain, I can help you in that thing. Once the domain is created,
we can create one user ID for IT services for yourself or for the main auto and in a sales
person stuff. Right. And then we start creating the different different accounts like the stripe,
the post hoc, the Tulo account and all. Okay. For stripe, I would also need your
account registration because it needs, it is a bit strict in that. It cannot be done without
account registration. Now, this is the gate 2 and gate 3 plan. For the gate 2, I have put forward
all the setups which needs to be done as part of the, and then once it's been done, then I can go
forward and do the deployment. So deployment is technically is my gate 3. Okay. Setup and
development is gate 2 and gate 3 is my deployment. For deployment also, I will, I would, I don't need
the confirmation now, but we need to plan it where exactly we need to deploy. Do you want to do it in
a cloud-based or do you want to do, so there are few platforms which are there to deploy. Okay.
We need to decide, I can share you the pros and cons of all the platforms, but we need to decide
which platform we need to deploy. Okay. So yeah, so approval, what I need right now, right? So I
think, so I have told this to Ming that we can divide the whole thing into three parts because
it's bit, it's taking much more risk if I, if I just charge you at the end because there are
a lot of people working on it. So I would have, I've divided the whole thing into three parts.
The first part is what I have shared right now. So once, once you see that everything's okay,
I can, I can, we can go and release the 30% of the payment. Okay. The gate, gate 2 budget in
timeline. So I have, I have some additional budget which I will need to do the administrative task
what I have put forward. Okay. So right now for the domain, for the stripe, for the tuilo, for the,
all the administrative stuff what I have put because it would need some time from my,
from my side to work on it. So I have put somewhere around $300 extra to do all the stuff.
And eight weeks is a timeline, but I'm very sure we can be
faster than that. But still to, to be on the safer side, I've, I've put forward that
eight week would be the production timeline from here onwards. Right. So these are the things
what I have right now. So I'm open for questions if you have any questions. So all the documentation
are available in the repo, but it is, till the time you have the questions, I can go and show you
the repo also. Okay. Thank you. Great job. I think you understand everything what we need.
Also a very raw layout, everything I like, very good. So we have a company called in Kazakhstan
in driver. I don't know if you heard or not this one. It's a sharing taxi sharing a platform.
So drivers can create their trips to between cities. So that's it. But so you mentioned that
drivers can create their trips. I was thinking, who is this create their trips? And then we forwarded
this to the driver. That was my understanding that was what we wanted. So what's the difference?
This thing, my, my first question. This, this thing, what do you think this one is? What's
the difference between this? Yeah, this is my first question, bro.
I need to see, I need to see this site, what exactly it is, city to city, delivery in delivery.
But right now we are just focusing on the city rights. Am I right? A city time city, city to city.
These two tracks. Yeah. So I see that platform, we have only share writings, right? So someone
created trips. And then some other people see how many seats available. And one person registers
the price will be down. So it's just imagine that the car is four seater.
And the full seat is like $100. Okay, one person set up, the price should be like $75,000.
And the, the, the, the car, whatever it shows, if in case one more person set up, register the price
down 50, like, like this, you understand what I mean? Okay, let me, let me put forward scenario.
Okay, let me, let me go to a blind page. Okay.
Customer books creates a trip. Okay. From, from A to B. And it asks for, let's say,
a sedan car, four seater, and $10,000. Just $100. Just for an example purpose. Okay.
So the driver would accept the ride. Am I right?
Yes. Yes. Okay. This is, this is scenario, scenario one.
Scenario two is there, there are trips available in the ecosystem or in the platform.
Customer can select the trips and number of seats required.
Okay, that trip is available. For example, let's say, trip A, trip from A to B.
And there are three seats available. Customer can select the trip and let's say two, two seats
is required. So this is the scenario you're talking about. Am I right?
Great. So it was like a, mainly we are encouraging the person to set up the based on the price.
That's like this, because the person when it goes to the platform, they can see
in case I enroll this trip, the price can be down to any person, 25%, whatever like this.
So it's like encouraging people and everything's open, new hidden things like that.
I got it. So this is, this is created by customer. Okay. Who creates this scenario?
So I was thinking to create the, the tourists, the tourists who want to go somewhere. So you
wanted to go to the lake. So you go to the website, you create what where you want to go,
you customize your itinerary and you set up. So based on, for example, we have a different
kind of cars based on the seats, 12 seats or a six seat and the price shows if you choose the six
seat car, the per person price will be like this. If you choose the 12 seat, the price will be this
per person, like this. And if you choose the four seat price will be like that. So it's like
more comfortable, small sizes, like this. That's the idea. Okay. So I hope you understand. Got it.
So basically tourists, let's say tourists creates a trip. Okay. From A to B. Okay. And it's for 12
seats. Okay. So for this 12 seats, right, the price is going to be fixed. Am I right?
Price will be fixed, but the price will be going to be down based on how many people
set up. For example, the website should show this trip already, like sign up two person,
that means two person is available like this. And in departure time in 24 hours, 10 minutes,
departure in this location like this. Got it. So 12 seats. So basically, the tourist creates this
trip A to B, the 12 seats at the start, the price is fixed per seat. No. Okay. The price is fixed.
Correct. And price fixed also that all the attractions fixed, but we like offer like 100
attractions just imagine. So the point the person creating the customized itinerary, the person
choose, for example, I make a very simple example. So you just imagine a city, we have a city.
Hello. Let me, yeah, let's sing a song. Okay. Okay. Let's say Singapore. Singapore is a city,
right? So we have a three zones in the Singapore. So city center going to be one zone. They have
a one fixed price. So from the city, 10 kilometers range, one zone, that's a fixed price. So from
outside of the 10 kilometers range, like 100 kilometers inside, we will have a one fixed price
song. So whatever you selected, like the attractions in the city, A zone, B zone, C zone, the price
can be ultimately calculated using some formula or whatever like this. That's my idea.
Okay. That is that's an addition complexity. I'm still on the basic part right now. Okay.
Let's say for example, the tourist creates a trip from point A to point B. Okay. And then it is a
dual-seater van. Okay. The price is the price is like a dual-seater. It is, let's say,
thousand dollars, just for example, okay, thousand dollars. Now, let's say there are six tourists
who, who shows interest to take the trip. Okay. Then the thousand dollars are going to be divided
by six. Am I right? Yes, correct. But this, this price, this price is not going to be taken on spot.
It would be not going to be taken at the end. Yeah. So right now, for example, right now,
I have to just take the interest of the people, not the money at the start.
Yeah. So like, for example, let's say like, okay, this car is four-seater. I have chosen four-seater.
So now like a temperature time is already, now is like in 10 minutes kind of temperature one or two
hours, right? So only we are two percent. So there are also the platform offers. Okay. You continue
pay the whole car, the more additional money for the two seats and take the tour or cancel your
this ride like this. So when you say try something like this, I do understand. I don't know.
Yeah, explain me. Yeah, I'm listening to you.
Yeah, I think, yeah, yeah. That's what, that's the idea.
Yeah. I think that these are these two scenarios can actually be two different modules because like
in Singapore, right? We have got grad car where the passenger says where he wants to go. Okay.
And then the driver will accept the call will accept. And then the other one is grab share
where the passenger says where he wants to go. But you know, the booking is open
even after the driver accepts it. So the other people who are going the same way, maybe they can
they can share the ride because it might be better to have these as two separate modules
because of some people, let's say it's a woman, single woman, and she's not comfortable sharing
the ride with a stranger. So that'll be scenario one. She creates the ride. I want to go from A
to B. I'm willing to pay this much amount. That's fine. Then scenario B could be, hey, you've got
a couple of backpackers, two guys or one guy and a girl or two girls. And they feel like, okay,
you know, they don't mind sharing it. So we will say we like to go from unmarked to coached like
tomorrow and you create the ride. And then the drivers for three seats, he accepts it for tomorrow,
but there's still one empty seat that somebody else can accept. Is that what you're thinking,
Reese, you know, that other people can accept the can take the vacant seats. But you are saying
that the pricing will will go downwards, right? So the third person maybe will pay less and all
three will pay less, right? The driver will get more because he has three people. He'll get more
than if he had taken just that one lady or just the two backpackers. And then but with the third
person overall, he gets more and the three passengers overall, they individually pay less.
Is that what you mean, Reese?
I quite didn't understand the whole thing. I'm really sorry. But anyway, something like that,
for example, just imagine a hundred bucks you have in one car. So there's only two persons sign up,
two persons end up the trade. There's nobody signed up. Okay. So yeah, the two person it's the two
person what we need to do is the platform should be divided for the registered two person. That
means you're supposed to pay $25, right? But yeah, now once you committed to take the door. So you
pay $50 and you take the whole car. Yeah.
Okay. What you can do is you can block all the seats. You can take the entire car
yourself. I got it. I think so. Don't worry about the payments. Okay. Don't worry about the pricing
right now. Let's just do the modules as as as Ming is sharing, right? So I so one module is that you
just book the whole car. Second module is to share with the people. Am I right?
Correct. 100%. Yes. Okay. Pricing and all right. We can we can add the complexity of the pricing
later. That's that's not a problem. Okay. That is that is going to be that. Okay. Now my third
question here is the drivers. Okay. The drivers are going to be online. So let's for example,
I there is a total different kind of module. So basically this the one which you are seeing it
is only for the customers. The other the other one would be where the drivers can see all the
bookings which are coming. Am I right? So yes, correct. All the bookings are coming. We will
take it availability. Yeah. And they have to accept what they find it.
Correct. If they I think we should give a time to accept the driver in case the drivers so I think
the booking schedule should be shown in different drivers. So whoever accepts first that person
takes or in case the person ticked the tool accepted the driver but like in very in the last
minute you are not you get something urgent so you don't want to continue the tool. So this
has to be like transferred to the other driver or something like that either something like this
but I don't know how that is. It works. Okay. Yes. I think the payment module that one is a bit
more complicated. We can discuss it later. You know what to do in case of cancellations
because in Singapore we had some these cheating cases where the the driver would cancel the trip
or tell the passenger to cancel the trip and ask the passenger to pay him cash
and then the platform doesn't get paid or halfway during the trip the passenger cancels the trip
and in the end the driver doesn't get paid. So these kind of situations you know when we get the
payment online when we get strike online you know we can we can discuss it and sort it out okay
that will be the payment module but now the booking module so we see that there are these two
different scenarios and then we will treat them as two separate modules. Yeah I got that. Yeah anyway
there's three things yeah. I mean the four two things that's the thing.
Sorry sorry sorry. Yeah you continue. Yeah I mean the many four two things is one is we call it
private tool. Second is we call it joiner or something like this either is a private or joiner
you can customize based on a zone based on season like this. So the a zone attractions can be
customized in within the a zone or season attractions can be customized in the week in
seasons like this. So because it's kind of a different days like multiple days so what's
a good idea. Yeah so they don't have to go to the exact same destination as long as you know all
the passengers are going to the same zone right that's a good idea okay. Because you cannot like
you select one attraction 100 kilometers away from the city and then you cannot select to the other
side of the country which is doesn't make sense right I know it's very price. Okay just hear hear
this out okay. In the scenario one okay I think so that that has to be in scenario one in scenario
to both technically right. So the customer can come forward and put forward the request
and then the driver needs to accept and share the pricing what is the pricing of it am I right.
Yes okay if if the driver puts forward the pricing then the complexity of the payment
the complexity of the price depends upon the driver not on us. Okay now this is something
that we have to discuss because what may happen is that if there are too many drivers right they
undercut one another and then nobody earns anything they will go bankrupt and then in the end we
the price should be price should be fixed because price is should be fixed first but in demand for
example as you say the price too many drivers or too many people for example university drop right
when it's raining everyone applies for a taxi the price is going to be go up kind of it's like
yes it's a normal thing. Yeah we can do something like this but it shouldn't be like very high maybe
like 10 percent jump or 5 percent or 5 percent cheaper like this something we can do something
formula. So can you collect the we need the data from you on how much is being charged currently
and then use that as a base a starting point right because we will get paid a percentage I guess
or I don't know how we're going to get paid but our what we get paid will also depend on what the
drivers get paid right like for instance in Singapore in graph don't worry our payment
because we get enough money it's like you based on the other shitting apps we get a 20 percent or 10
percent whatever. Yeah try just 25 percent here in Singapore but you know that's maybe a bit too much
yeah okay good yeah so yeah those are the two we need to start if we start forward
okay so okay we can discuss it later yeah my my thing is not not the payment my I want to just
keep it simple at the start right so I understood the scenario one and this was scenario I'm just
thinking from the driver perspective the driver is going to get all this list of request and he
approves it okay and we need to make sure the driver once the driver approves it um is he available
to add add more or he has to just go with that one you got my question let's for example I'm a driver
I'm seeing the list of your question sorry I think it depends on this thing yeah yeah no uh I mean
we are we must be very strict because it's this is concerned because also safety issue you know
so you got from the platform two percent the two percent that booked for the driver but driver
cannot take any extra person uh unlisting inform you before or to the admin or somewhere yeah because
it's safety thing you don't know who's joining okay is it no I I'm I'm just thinking the complexity
of the driver perspective so is the is it my understanding right uh for both the version
is for both that the the amount the number of drivers are not not huge are very less number
of drivers in Kazakhstan uh no we we have about 100 drivers right now I have uh ended up data
pictures the car type seats everything I have a license so it's it's still a only I cannot
so this is for start but but in the warm term of course we have a many hundred drivers I hope it
is in Kyrgyzstan Uzbekistan Kazakhstan like we want to slowly expand right so is it important
no numbers of the drivers because why I'm asking this um it is going to be a very uh
because from the technical point of view right you need to understand it needs to be very cut to
cut let's for example there are two drivers okay and he accepts the same trip okay so we have to
be very cautious that it doesn't allow them to choose the same trip it it needs to be very cautious
that it needs to just accept one second it should tell the other driver that it's been accepted by
somebody else so that's why I'm just thinking that is there any parallelism is going to happen or
what like that that would go so like I understand your uh when you when someone accepts someone's
trip this trip should be disappears from the dashboard or from the upper because it's already
accepts and it should be transferred to the next page only uh like uh only you can see as a driver
your upcoming trip or something like this and when you finish the trip you need to click some
bottom that trip is completed like this that's that's what I understanding otherwise we cannot
monitor what's happening is the driver did the driver go to pick up the case and is it
now going on or not is it going to be complete if the driver is finished this like because you cannot
monitor hundreds of drivers in like by physical right so what do you think uh you accepted their
whole you accepted the offer and then the when you accepted it should be shifted to the next page
which is for only the driver that was accepted and then it's going on we see but when the trip
in the driver should click a bottom that pre completed something like that and when the trip
completed uh there is a should be a notification for the tourist which is you can read or write
review about the driver that's that's my my idea okay okay I hear you okay uh let me let me think
about it let me let me let me just absorb this much and and the customers which are the customers
are only going to be your own customer which are there in the um in your in your resort or
in the customer the customer can be anybody in the public yeah anybody anybody this local can be
foreign or anybody okay cool and the customer needs to also do one level of
registration right it cannot be like a random customer
uh I think registration is should be very easy uh you don't need to like feel lots of form maybe
you just receive a verification code on a bi email or the whatsapp so then you can sign up and
when you pay me I don't know the all apple payment but it should be very simple and easy
that's what I know I don't know the other things because I'm not an expert anyway it should be very
easy not complicated to sign up so like one two steps then sign up like this do we need to
force them for sign up for example I'm asking this let's say for example right now if you see the
the website right it it uh it goes and shows you all the trips up front and then once you are registering
for any of the trips right then you have then you can ask for your details or this other approach
is that once you're logging right then he would ask you please register and then once
once registration is done then he goes inside and see all the stuff so do you want to keep it open
or do you want to make it only for the users no it should be open whatever you are registered or
not you should be see all upcoming trips and the prices everything otherwise we cannot attract people
I think so if you wanted to join the 100% to apply for the ticket this trip and then you can sign up
so we don't collect too much data like at the beginning once you get popular everyone knows
I think then we can force people to sign up slowly that's what I'm thinking because yeah
then we can do this what is it called the self-adapting language module then collect the data
and improve the site in real time but at the beginning we need to be flexible uh that's
that's what I think okay this is for the customer and the driver always has to sign up right
driver we register from outside for now that because now nobody knows our platform if I ask
the driver it can you sign up please because driver never had any trip from mass and there's a
trust issue that I would don't trust don't want to register their ID card anything like that
so we gonna at the first we're gonna manually sign up from our own company like the drivers and then
we forward the trips to the driver but later sometime when the when the platform gets a bit
popular and then we will make it auto registration from driver we will tell them driver to sign up
monitor your trip by your own is that what do you think what is this because I'm not you know the
expert for software distinctions what do you think this one I'm sorry uh from the business
perspective I'm I'm see I'll keep it open you consider it me as a just a technical person
um you think about the requirement and let me know but I from if you ask me um the perspective
of doing the sign up affrontly for the drivers and making sure that they don't have to do this
headache stuff it's it's fine for me from technical perspective I would have to still
create a login page for that for example so you so that you can or somebody from your team can
actually do this thing one by one right and then the driver needs to have this let's for example
let's say Mahesh is going to be the driver so somebody from from your team registers Mahesh
but with the given details and all right so Mahesh is going to get an id and a password
right there has to be an id and password because the or else how the driver is going to see all
those stuff right so that's gonna be too much job right that's gonna be like too much job for our
staff so you mean if the person whoever wants to take the tour they should sign up themselves
then it's gonna be much easier I said I don't I don't I don't um say that they need to sign up
sign you can be done by anybody okay my thought process is that what the driver is going to see
and how is going to see okay so let's say if Mahesh is the driver and Mahesh opens this application
Mahesh should see the available thing what is for Mahesh not for everybody else in this
yeah I'm here
yeah so driver should be signed up driver have a should be page on logging user page profile
so driver can see everything uh that that has to be like this we register the driver
driver should have a sign up like this then they should have their own profile what do you think
so you can do the sign up at the start and then you can just give him the id and the password it
can be any random randomly chosen id in the password but very unique for that person for Mahesh has
its own id and a password and Ming has his own id in a password so that when Mahesh logs in right
then he can see all the things and when he approves he can just see the things which are approved by
me not what are approved by me okay so Ming can think Ming can just focus on the things
what he has approved and I can focus on the thing what I have approved so it's an individual view
for everybody am I right Chris that makes sense correct correct okay so yeah okay cool makes sense
um I think so let me let me let me try to absorb this much okay for the time being I will focus on
the customer part of it the driver part of it I will I will say that still it is very very simple
if you keep it simple but let me try to finish the customer part of it and I can say that at least
the gate one has been finished am I okay yeah okay um let me absorb this let me let me say
gate one is finished so Mahesh we are asking for a thousand two hundred six dollars right
to be released the 30 percent okay I'll get that um do you take pay now and I pay now to your mobile
number you can you can do that yeah but at the same time right um there is see for example
the driver part is I can still absorb the driver part is also okay the payment part right the what
you say the the the calculation right that is something which we have to think make because
that is that would be bit complex okay but again I don't I don't want to I don't want to overestimate
the stuff right but yeah we can we can we can we can see what we can do but right now we can do
the gate one and gate two for sure yeah okay I see that our time limit is nearly up so
we will continue um discussing this okay Mahesh you have a thing about it and then
as and when necessary you can grab me and Reese again you can talk in doing more detail but
more importantly first of all I will release the 30 percent to you then you put in your estimates
for the other gates okay then we have a clear picture what the funding is needed and the timeline
because I cannot stress too much that this is actually very time sensitive because we are
coming into the peak winter season yeah so the sooner we can get this done the better
if it's going to be you know like the pricing is going to be more complicated it's going to take
more time maybe you know gate four gate three gate four um you need a bit more money you just put it
into your estimates and get it to as quick because right now we talked about four thousand which is
you know more than what Reese wanted Reese was getting quotes for five hundred dollars on fiber
which I did not think was realistic okay but if you feel that now given the scope of what we're
talking about um you want to charge us a bit more than four thousand we can discuss it okay the most
important thing is that it has to get done as soon as possible because we want to catch the peak
winter season okay um so what I will do okay um I will I will put a gate one gate two and gate
three gate three is the actual deployment part where the productionization happens right that would
be the thing which would be available for the users for the customer and for the drivers to look
into it keeping it very simple okay so let's for example the price can be fixed at at the end of the
day you would be able to showcase this to your client and it would be a way you can say that it's a
very pilot very beta stage right things are still in an enhancement stage where there would be gate
four gate five where things are going to be much better with a much better logic can I say that like that
please please are you there is that correct yeah okay guys so you guys discuss I think I agree with
me so this money this kind of things are either very interesting so uh let's talk later okay please
go ahead so so I actually so right so right now you just give us your estimates you and you give us
any further questions Reese has to go because he's not driving 12 hours around or so so he's busy
okay no no no so right now right me um I would need the 13 percent and the administrative
so basically because the domain is important okay the stripe is important because these all the
things are what's the total users just message in the chat group what the total is and now what's
up to you okay what's up to you right right away okay okay okay and then give us your timeline
you know give us your estimates um I think Reese Reese is not objecting because I'm the one that's
paying and I'm not objecting because I know you can deliver okay my ass so that's why it was going to
be a bit more than four thousand you know if it's going to be a bit more than four thousand you get
it delivered earlier you know let us know but what do you think okay how many trips are we expecting
let's for example I'm I'm thinking from the driver perspective
am I expecting 10 trips 20 trips 50 trips 60 trips how many tips are I'm expecting
okay so it's not like Singapore all right if the driver is driving to Kyrgyzstan he's only
going to be maybe making that one trip for two days okay he's gonna maybe drive them down across
the border and maybe they want him to hang around and then drive them back okay so it's not going to
be that many trips also okay if we get cut off we just continue on what's up okay but but that's the
thing it's different from grab in the sense that because of the distances involved hundreds of
kilometers no it's a short city tour then maybe maybe three two three trips a day you know you're
seeing from the driver so you're like seeing from the how much the driver can do the driver
because let's say I have I have 100 customers I'm just giving a rough estimate okay let's say
I have only 20 customers also okay if I 20 customers 20 customers would have 10 10 of the
private ones and 10 of the shared ones okay so for the driver now he is able to see 20 trips
available okay so he has to scroll 20 trips which are there okay so these trips so try to
see from the experience point of view of the driver so if if I'm going to scroll 20 trips right
it is going to scale to hundred hundred and fifty trips very soon as a number of people
starts start game the traction and all right so I don't want the answer right now I want what I want
I need you guys to think how to make the driver's experience better let's say for example he's not
in Kazakhstan it's not in the Almaty also right so we have to be very sure we don't show him the
things which are in Almaty we need to make sure only he can see the things which are available
in his preview in his vicinity okay okay wait let me let me hang up to this call I'll call
you what's up okay give me a minute yeah okay
okay thank you very much for your time I had to keep you but carry on from where we left off
you have a very good point um and yeah I guess that is the problem well should the driver only see
the pickups in his location um or should he be allowed to see you know pickups maybe well maybe
that's a choice you know we can put a fill you know we can put a fill down like at the start
we would be only able to see the things what is available in his 50 kilometers of radius after
that if you want to see everything you can see everything also yeah something like property
guru you know and then he says okay look there are no pickups within 50 kilometers of me okay
then no choice I would see if any passenger wants to be picked up a hundred kilometers from for me
you know and then if he's willing to drive a hundred kilometers to pick up the passenger
to try to passenger to inspect his time or something like that then yeah then that's good
I mean you know if it's worth it for him then you will do it you might do it right you drive
one and a half hours pick up the passenger and then drive the rest of the day to inspect his time
or something yeah so that's a good point yeah filter yeah exactly okay okay okay okay
okay so um let's keep thinking of this question so ask uh Reese would have the detail because he's
on the ground right I'm basically helping him to because he doesn't have any Sunsea in Singapore
so I will be you send what your gate one uh requires a mountainous and I will
what's up you go pay now you today okay okay okay okay okay
okay me that's it okay now going forward my head so if you get this done and on time and you know
according to what we want then we should talk about you know is there any you might have to train
some people would you want to do that you might we might have to keep you on as a consultant
you know to tweak it to upgrade it yeah I think I think we have to do that and I would want you
to be able to support us so my history think about it whether you would be interested in
willing to enable to support us as this project takes off you need to we need to think at least
at least one guy and we need to train that one guy to to be expert in this application
where he can take and he can let's for example if there is an issue in this application let's
say somebody is not able to log in or something like that he needs to know where exactly to do that
so that is that is that is a very l1 cannot support put like that l1 cannot support l2 where
somebody would be able to go inside the code and do the tweaking okay so a person who can do both
would be fantastic but you need I think so we need to find out how we don't have someone like that we
need to find it it may have to be me so should I attend the sql course little academy it's having
this they bought only 45 seats for the sql course is there something that I should attend then for
sql no it's not as good it's it's much more complex than sql okay okay okay so okay so maybe one
of my partners maybe I should hire jabin then you think she can do it jabin but why are you
hiring somebody from sync up or is going to be very expensive yeah that's okay no but it just
really takes off I mean I'm very impressed that my husband's already got a hundred drivers signed up
you know he's got all their particulars and all and he's very enterprising okay and he's come a long
way since this business started last year last October so I believe in him and I do think that
this business will be a success even if it's
